So the last thing that we want to do in this portion of the course is to convert our current convolution
neural network architecture with pulling and drop out to the functional API.
This is very important because we need to be comfortable with the functional API so that in the later
part of the course in the coming few videos we're going to use the functional API to create much more
complicated models.
So we need to make sure that we understand it.
So let's go ahead and routine care.
So our inputs is going to be an input layer and the shape is going to be 32 by 32 by three channels.
Right.
So that is going to be up in 48 and we have imported all the layers over here.
So we have the dance activation flat on input Max pulling duty and troubled all out here.
The model is over here and everything that we need is already available and now we're going to create
the architecture.
So the first layer that we have is a contradiction layer.
So X is you could do on 2D and we're going to have 64 designs before and the fungicide is going to be
three plus three and the fighting is going to be same.
So that is going to be on layer and we're going to posit the inputs as the input in the next layer we're
going to set activation.
So that is going to be X if you could do activation and the activation type is linked to the value that
we covered earlier and we posit the input from the the output of the previous layer right then you go
ahead and create an adequate solution.
So there's going to be called 2D and this time we're going to have eight filters and this is going to
be difficult three and I mean the petting zoo is going to be the same right.
All or we can simply go ahead and skip the painting for now and the positive input again similarly the
to have the activation again.
So these are two convolution layers then we go ahead and add a filling there.
So that is going to be Max pulling duty and this is going to be a pool size of cross 2.
Right.
And we're going to pass the exact input.
So let's go ahead and try and output the the current model up until this point.
So if you recall we can open the model at any time because but because this isn't a sequence in the
model we can simply say a model or somebody we have to construct the model.
So we have to say a model is equal to the inputs go here and the output should be here.
Now we don't have an output over here.
So what we can do is simply go ahead and say output is equal to x.
So this is essentially going to be a temporary variables so that we can output model.
So let's go ahead and run that sort of let's fix this.
The comma is missing.
So let's go ahead and run model dot model is the model inputs and outputs and the model or somebody
shows us that currently we are at this stage.
So we have an input layer.
We have a commentary in activation and other come through these and other activation and executing pooling.
So we have this up until now.
OK let's go ahead and add our drop.
Okay.
So X is equal to drop out of zero point two and then deposit deep previous year input so we can go ahead
and run this and see that the drop out has appeared a lot here.
So as before it's really useful if you create the model one year at a time it helps you reduce these
errors.
So once we have the drop out we want to flatten it.
So we're going to have a better layer and deposit the output the output of the previous Labor layer
as in right.
And finally what we want is exiting to dance and we're going to have some classes and we're going to
pass X to it.
So this is going to be our dense layer over here.
And after the death we're going to have X is equal to activation.
The final activation as the phone is going to be a soft Max and deposit x.
Now we can either keep this or we're here to facilitate with the experimentation or we can get rid of
this and simply call this the output.
So same thing.
So let's go ahead and take a look at our model of sort somebody so this over here we have the detailed
architecture of it here and we can see everything that is going on and on.
Actually you can go ahead and compile it and then fit but this is the same model and should produce
the same results in the next few videos we're going to take a look at how we can use this functional
API to create much more complicated models such as those which involve non sequential inputs and which
can use merging concatenation and all the different operations.
Right.
So see you there.